# SpreadsheetToJson
A handy tool for converting Google Spreadsheets into Json data

## Setup

To use this tool you'll need to create a Google Developer account at https://developers.google.com/
and also require a service account inside of the console.
  
Inside of Google Developer Console you'll first need to create a new project. Once your project has been created, 
make sure that is selected. Inside of the 'Api & Auth' section, on the left, select 'Apis'.
Inside of here you should see a section titled 'Google Apps API's', from here select 'Drive API and enable it.

Once this is done you need setup some credentials to access the Google API's. Head to the 'Api & Auth' section 
and select'credentials'. You'll now be asked to generate your credentials, from the drop down menu
select 'service account', this will take you to the next screen where you must choose <strong>'p12'</strong>.
This is important as the program will not work with the Json format.

Once you apply the p12 selection a file will download to your machine, place this file inside of your project.
You will also need to grab the email address that was generated with your other credentials.

Once you have all your Google Developer account information you now need to get access to the spreadsheets
on your auto-generated email address. You will need to ask the owner to share the file with your email address
via the spreadsheet menu.

## Using the tool

Using the tool is simple. Create an object of SpreadsheetToJson with an optional application name and then call
the generateSpreadsheetData function passing in your P12 file, your auto-generated email under 'credentials' and
the <strong>full</strong> url to the spreadsheet.

```php
$spreadsheetJson = new SpreadsheetToJson($optionalApplicationName);
$spreadsheetJson->generateSpreadsheetData($nameOfYourP12File, $yourAutoGeneratedCredentialEmail, $fullUrlToSpreadsheet );
```

  
